Message-ID: <15943342.1075855668962.JavaMail.evans@thyme>
Date: Wed, 30 Aug 2000 08:14:00 -0700 (PDT)
From: info@enron.com
To: mull@thedoghousemail.com
Subject: Re: (No Subject)
Mime-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
X-From: ███████████████
X-To: mull@thedoghousemail.com
X-cc: 
X-bcc: 
X-Folder: \Dec2000\Notes Folders\All documents
X-FileName: pallen.nsf

████,

 Got your message.  Good luck on the bike ride.

 What were you doing to your apartment?  Are you setting up a studio?

 The kids are back in school.  Otherwise just work is going on here.

 USE OF INITIAL INVESTMENT
The initial investment is used for land deposit, engineering &
architectural design, soils tests, surveys, filing fees, legal fees for
organization and condominium association formation,  and appraisals.  Unlike
many real estate investment programs, none of the funds are used for fees to
██████████████████, LLC.  These professional expenses will be incurred over
the estimated 6 month design and approval period.

EARLY LAND COSTS
The $4,000 per month costs listed in the cash flow as part of land cost
represent the extension fees due to the seller for up to 4 months of
extensions on closing.  As an alternative, we can close into a land loan at
probably 70% of appraised value.  With a land value equal to the purchase
price of $680,000 this would mean a land loan of $476,000 with estimated
monthly interest payments of $3,966, given a 10% annual interest rate, plus
approximately 1.25% of the loan amount for closing costs and loan fees.

EQUITY AT IMPROVEMENT LOAN
Once the site plan is approved by the City of Austin, the City will require
the development entity to post funds for fiscal improvements, referred to as
the "fiscals".  This cost represents a bond for the completion of
improvements that COA considers vital and these funds are released once the
improvements have been completed and accepted by COA.  This release will be
for 90% of the cost with the remaining 10% released one year after
completion.  Releases can be granted once every 90 days and you should
expect that the release would occur 6 months after the start of lot
improvement construction.  These fiscals are usually posted in cash or an
irrevocable letter of credit.  As such, they have to be counted as a
development cost, even though they are not spent.  Because they are not
spent no interest is charged on these funds.


█████